now let's talk about liquid Denis I know
you used to be a dentist so you're an
expert in the field of Dentistry tell us
how it prevents tooth decay and how it
also helps our immune system
well liquid dentist is extraordinary
it's a privilege for me to introduce it
to the world essentially it is unlike
anything and you can actually experience
that very rapidly when you swish your
mouth after a good mechanical cleaning
with liquid dentists you notice this
extremely clean feeling smooth feeling
of your teeth and unlike a dental
appointment or a hygienist visit we're
by within a half an hour certainly an
hour after you get out of the hygienist
chair if you touch your teeth with your
tongue you feel kind of like a little
first layer of what's called pellicle
it's a mucopolysaccharides layer that
films over your teeth and that this then
presents the germs with a medium in
which to grow so that's called plaque
and that's when the bacteria grows the
plaque develops and then you get
potential infectious diseases of the
mouth dental decay and periodontal
diseases this is what the liquid dentist
eliminates essentially if you rinse your
mouth and you can feel the difference
with two minute rinse following good
mechanical cleaning like normal brushing
and flossing and then mechanically of
course getting rid of any food particles
that are in your teeth that might block
the liquid dance from getting to your
teeth well you clean that first and then
what happens is that the liquid dentist
has extremely unique lysozyme enzyme
that attaches to the tooth surface that
then prohibits the formation of pellicle
for over two days so that you have a
extended period of safety now that's not
repaired
that's preventative what's reparative
about liquid dentist is that it actually
remineralized this tooth structure and
has oxygenating ozonated elements within
the liquid dentists that actually then
kills the bacteria within the tooth
structure that are causing the decay and
then it also has remineralize
the elements inside the mouth rinse so
that when you rinse a tooth and you
swish with liquid dentist after you've
killed off the germs that are causing
the decay the tooth actually based on
research in science literally
remineralize --is now if you do the
science if you study what ozone medical
ozone that's used in dentistry and for a
20 second exposure to deep decay you
kill off all the germs and the science
shows that if you follow that with a
remineralizing mouth rinse that contains
calcium and phosphate magnesium a
variety of minerals that are good for
your body and good for your tooth
structure then the tooth actually
remineralized is harder and more decay
resistant than the original tooth
structure so that's the science upon
which liquid dentists was formulated now
just to be safe we recommend that people
avoid the standard decay causing
nutrition such as the sugars and the
types of chocolates that and a sticky
foods that have a lot of sugar in them
that literally incite the bacteria to
pee out the acids that cause the tooth
decay and cause the problems obviously
you want to eliminate those from your
diet and then if you do that you're
mechanically clean you then use liquid
dentist now you've got this optimal
preventive dental approach to not only
maintaining your good oral health but
also returning your decayed teeth as
well as your gums back to the optimal
healthy condition and that's not even
the best of liquid dentist on top of all
of that you get a liquid dentist
nutritional immunization when you
swallow you don't spit this out it's too
expensive and too valuable to spit out
if you rinse for two minutes because the
mouth is one of the dirtiest places on
the planet
it has over 500 different forms of
bacteria and countless other viruses
when you rinse with liquid dentist you
kill off those germs you break them
apart you swish them around it breaks
them down and then when you swallow
liquid dentist
it not only delivers this enhanced and
micro silver exposure to again enhance
your immunity against infectious
diseases but it also provides you and
your gut and your immune system the
peyer's patches within your gut delivers
to them the microbes that have been
broken down and then it delivers because
of that a message to the rest of the
immune system to develop immunity
against these types of infectious
diseases so this is extremely unique
there's no other product like liquid
dentists in the world today and I'm
again privileged and humbled to be
working with the folks that develop this
on my request thank you so much for
joining us on this dr. Hajra was able to
share with everybody all of your amazing
knowledge on these products and god
bless you all